I think for people that have families I didn't understand at the time.
But I think it's very important now is that they have as much time
with their families as possible. I think if you have a one year old
kid, you should be there. You should be a physical presence. You should
be there as much as possible. Um, and of course, you have Thio do
deployments. You have to, like, go away for, like, six months. But
the counter to that is that when you're home, you really need to be
home as a single guy. I remember going overseas and then coming back.
And then, um, I still wanna work, uh, even longer once 1 1600 hit,
which meant, um, yeah, we have preventive maintenance. Let's get it
done. Uh, yeah, we have to, like, do some kind of volunteer service.
Let's let's go ahead and do that like every single thing. Like I
I didn't mind doing it, but I can completely see how someone with family
needs toe, you know, make the snippet, you know, cut it off and
choose to have that time dedicated to his family.